# Can Generated Content be Detected Outside Its Training Category?

Overall goal: Detect deepfakes

How will it be done: 
1) Download images that were generated by different GANs
2) Download real images
3) Build a detector that learns the differences between real and fake images
4) Train the detector by showing it real and fake images. The training will use generated images from one GAN at a time
5) Test on the same GAN it was trained on (should do well) then test on different GANs it has never seen (will it still work?)
6) Repeat steps 4 and 5 with different GANs
7) Use results to see what is common between GANs to build the best detector
8) Use Grad-CAM to visualize what the detector focuses on for each GAN. Does it focus on the same areas across GANs? What does this tell us about GANs when generating content?

Experiment 1: Same content dataset (All GANs face)

Experiment 2: Different content dataset (Some GANS face, others bedrooms)

Note: If the GAN generates faces, use real face datasets. If it generates bedrooms, use real bedroom datasets.

## Helpful Vocab
- GAN: Generative Adversarial Network. Two models are fighting to fool each other. One model (discriminator) will act as a judge, looking at images and thinking "is this real? or is it fake?" while the other model (generator) generates fake images from random noise that may look like tv static. The generator will continue to produce fake images until it fools the discriminator into believing it is a real image. The end result is the generator itself that has been trained to fool the discriminator. We now have something to generate realistic fake image.